---
layout: post
title:  "NG-DE 2020 is postponed to August 2021"
date:   2020-04-27 09:58:59 +0200
categories: general
description: "NG-DE 2020 is postponed to August 2021. We'll keep you updated with upcomming details about the 2021 edition."
---

As you know, one of our most significant aims is to create a safe, welcoming and inclusive conference. But as the corona crisis evolves, we are not able to guarantee the safety of our attendees. Additionally, the local authorities announced this week that they prohibit all events until the end of August. 

We have been thinking deeply about alternatives, like organizing a 100% remote event. Due to time constraints and because NG-DE is a spare-time project, we are not able to set up all the requirements within the short time frame. 

If you want to refund your ticket just write us an email, and we will payout your already paid money within a few days. Otherwise, your ticket is also valid for our 2021 edition that will take place at the end of August or in September 2021 in the same location as planned for this year. It’s also possible to refund your ticket once we’ve announced all details for the 2021 event.

To all the potential speakers for 2020 who already hand in your talks. We'll write you once our CFP for 2021 is opened again and invite you to also participate on this one. 

We, as YOUR NG-DE Team are looking forward to getting back together with the partners and of course you. Let’s stay positive and look into the future together.

We hope you stay safe, and we get to see you soon!

Your NG-DE Orga-Team

Martina, Sascha, Robin
